copyrightPathBegin
C:\Users\mike.liddle\documents\copyrightProject\copyright.txt
copyrightPathEnd

logPathBegin
C:\updatelog.txt
logPathEnd

DirectoryBegin
directoryPath=C:\Users\mike.liddle\documents\copyrightProject\repository\
directoryPath=C:\Users\mike.liddle\documents\copyrightProject\repository1\
directoryPath=C:\Users\mike.liddle\documents\copyrightProject\repository2\
DirectoryEnd

ExtensionBegin
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.c
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.h
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.cpp
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.cxx
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.hpp
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.hxx
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.js
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.jsp
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.m
extension comment=<!--    endComment=-->    file=*.php
extension comment=#       endComment=#      file=*.sql
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.cs
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.cls
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.cc
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.cbp
extension comment=<!--    endComment=-->    file=*.html
extension comment=<!--    endComment=-->    file=*.htm
extension comment=<!--    endComment=-->    file=*.xml
extension comment=<!--    endComment=-->    file=*.html5
extension comment=<!--    endComment=-->    file=*.csproj
extension comment=//      endComment=//     file=*.java
extension comment=$       endComment=$      file=*.rb
extension comment=#       endComment=#      file=*.sh
extension comment='       endComment='      file=*.vb
ExtensionEnd